fix(trunk): Fixed penetration warning for the pectoralis (#939)
AnyBody/ammr: CHANGELOG.md

% A rendered version of the CHANGELOG is avaible here:
%    https://anyscript.org/ammr/beta/changelog.html

(ammr-3.0.2-changelog)=
## AMMR 3.0.2 (2024-02-13)

### 🩹 Fixed:

> * Fixed a penetration warnings for the pectoralis muscles when the thoracic segments is scale very non-uniformly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed a penetration warning for the pectoralis muscles when the thoracic segments is scaled very non-uniformly.
```
